there are several packaged strips to
choose from you could drive up and
arrive any day and leave any day of the
week or you can enjoy the convenience of
the regularly scheduled Canadian fishing
Express
you can start your trip from either of
eight different locations in Illinois
Wisconsin or Minnesota
the Canadian fishing Express is a luxury
travel coach chauffeured by full-time
licensed professional drivers it's a
fully air-conditioned wide-body travel
coach with comfortable reclining seats
it has individually adjustable reading
lights and you'll use the individually
adjustable flow of refreshed air that's
monitored by the drivers there is ample
space in the overhead compartment for a
few carry-on items like personal
electronics reading material a jacket
and your favorite pillow you'll be
treated to some complimentary
refreshments
and a couple of entertaining videos on
the monitors which are conveniently
placed throughout the coach once you get
north of Duluth Minnesota
you're in for a splendid scenic ride
past the great Superior National Forest
why day through the picturesque
waterways of northern Minnesota arriving
at your passage through a foreign port
it's a nice ride to the friendly border
inspector and customs agents at Fort
Frances Ontario Canada for their year
only about 200 kilometers 425 miles to
Temple Bay Lodge and the scenery gets
even more amazing watch out though for
wildlife we are driving up early in the
morning for a dust upon arrivals will be
greeted by Bob and bedrock and beginning
of cabinets